arcin
=====
This repository contains firmware code for the arcin v1.1, a custom game controller board with support for 11 buttons, 2 analog or quadrature encoders, 2 always-on LEDs, and WS2812B LED lighting via the B9 connector.

This repository also contains necessary files for building and testing firmware, as well as creating binaries that can be distributed to users to easily flash their arcin.

Credits for the original codebase, forked repos, and many changes: zyp, K, handrew, Horocchi

The original codebase by zyp can be found at: http://cgit.jvnv.net/arcin/log/?h=conf

Branches
--------
In addition to Horocchi fork, this repo contains:

`sdvx-nemsys eacloud` is a frimware to support SOUND VOLTEX III e-AMUSEMENT CLOUD natively as a gamepad. You'll need to bind your keys with following schemes:
- B1: BT A
- B2: BT B
- B3: BT C
- B4: BT D
- B5: FX L
- B6: FX R
- B9: Start

Note that WS2812B need to be disabled since Start button require B9 to work properly. (TODO: Remap to other capable button)

Pre-Built Images
----------------
Latest prebuilt image of nemsys branch can be downloaded (here)[https://github.com/SirusDoma/arcin/releases]

Setup
-----
1. Grab the ARM toolchain: https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded/+download
2. You will need SCons to build the image: http://scons.org/pages/download.html
3. Supplementary scripts will require Python (2.7) as well as the hidapi-libusb library
4. Clone the branch you want to work with.
5. `git submodule init`: this will pull the external `laks` submodule, which contains headers for the hardware used by the arcin.

Building and Testing
--------------------
1. `scons`
2. `./flash.py build/arcin.elf`

See `simpletest.py` for an example test script to monitor HID reports generated by an arcin controller.

Packaging
---------
After building an image using `scons`, run the following command to build a custom flasher EXE with your new firmware image embedded into it. This EXE can be given to users to easily flash their device. Substitute `arcin_flash_custom.exe` with whatever filename you want.

1. `./flash_gen.py arcin.elf flash.exe arcin_flash_custom.exe`
